Master Xu
Do you have any questions now?
You turned out to be the legendary king of blood fish
Qinghe
I've been meaning to explain to you
But never found a chance
Afraid that you will be caught in the storm
Today, Lei Qianjue tried to usurp the throne
Intent to be crowned
I have to go back to blood
Exorcise Heaven
This is about the ambiguity of the whole building
You must wait for me to come back.
Although I don't understand the grievances in the blood rhyme
But I know that as a couple
Something to face together
I'll go with you.
Brother-in-law, I'm going too
I also go to Li Cute
You need to know
Elder Lei is already a powerhouse of the Half-step Emperor
If you go, you will still die.
Come on.